Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
I dreamed about this shit as a kid.
I could zone out for hours
and just be in a fairyland.
I'ma be a real millionaire.
Like...
Boss. like take care of
everybody. the leader...
That's what I was aiming for.
I ain't know how.
Man. ain't no telling what I woulda did.
But. I was gonna get there.
No matter what.
Baby's coming down. speed cameras.
I could fuck up and he could be like me.
Play the whole verse over.
Keep that.
Play it. let me know how it sounds.
I gotta do what I gotta do
to get this dude.
you know. I'm trying to break this dude!
This ain't no one-hit-wonder shit.
these n****s gon' keep coming.
I know you bout to be the
next big thing so I gotta...
I said. man I'm hands on with this.
I'm on the ground with this.
I'm personally touching this.
C'mon man. let me go to sleep.
I've been at it.
If I'm in the crowd I'm learning with you.
I say "Lil" y'all say "Baby"
Lil "Baby." Lil "Baby"
You know. and then by the time
it's time to bring him
out it's already a vibe.
Some of the stuff I'ma mute it
'cause I'ma let you go over the crowd.
I gotta learn how to talk to the crowd.
I don't talk to the crowd.
Like I don't talk to the crowd.
I don't say shit!
I swear to God I don't say shit
I walk straight off.
They the crowd right there
y'all gon' get hype.
Go on. talk it. we gon' run through it.
You can't be scared
'cause I'm scared already!
Both of us can't be scared!
When I first walked on the stage.
you can see it in the video.
I froze up! I was like. "oh shit!"
Thank you for taking time out y'all day
to come here today.
Baby bout to drop his album.
Been working on this
album for over a year now.
How y'all doing.
I appreciate y'all for coming out.
He gon' play some records for y'all.
hopefully one of the
biggest albums of the year.
You know he always gon' deliver
on his end with the hits.
We just need the support
from the partners to...
amplify it.
And what's continuing to go on.
Mhm?
You know that man who died. George Floyd?
The one who couldn't breathe?
Right. the one who the police killed?
His daughter. she's turning six years old
and she's having a birthday party.
I'm gonna pay for her birthday party.
So you and Loyal.
we just gonna show our face
and then come back.
Alright.
Alright. I'll be home in a minute.
Doing alright though?
Hell yeah. I'm alright man
I can't complain at all.
Man. I'm just happy to be around
be able to do what a n**** doing.
man I can't complain.
Y'all don't got no coats?
No I don't have no coat.
You don't got no coat little man?
Ain't nothing like where you come from.
you know what I'm saying?
But I get the chills from
that type of stuff though.
I got more love than anything.
I done helped some of
them with their businesses
it's like check-up. like
What you doing? What you been up to?
Or I see the people I grew up with
I used to be bad as hell.
now I ain't seen them in a minute.
N****s I go to school with...
they been to prison. who out of prison
I coulda went that route.
I coulda went this route.
This could be my reality.
That shit give me the chills.
you know what I'm saying?
And then. I guess
the last question here is
Could you tell -
and you can talk to the camera.
What it means to be heard?
And what it's like to help
other people's voices be heard.
Turn that TV off.
I think she just want to make sure
in certain moments
you passionate
in the moment of performing.
I'm telling her like though
you don't even gotta tell me that.
Because you already know what to do.
This is like...
I'm serious about this.
I'm telling her I'm gonna be
there on the floor. Everything.
I got it. I'm gonna goddamn perform.
She's like "you better perform."
Because this is one of them moments.
it's a big moment.
This is gonna be like a...
a moment.
It's a different platform.
It's gonna be on some whole other shit.
Some of these people not
even heard this song before
and it's gonna be on some
what the hell is this?
They killing all the rappers
so I wore a vest.
They killing rappers so I wore a vest!
The vest too big though.
Man I could perform in this. Britney.
Yeah you know I'm grateful
to be here today. man.
Could be somewhere selling dope.
I've got my acceptance speech!
I'm grateful to be here
I could be somewhere selling dope.
Oh the Grammys said they want him there?
On the day?
Well that must mean
that they gon' give him
an award.
I think you're gonna win.
But they got some kind of crazy voting
and whoever their board is
it go off of their board.
It ain't going off popular vote so
I don't know it be tricky with-
Your performance is the
only one that's outdoors.
We're closing LA Live
and Staples Center down.
Like it doesn't really make sense.
I'd be very surprised if you didn't win.
It's okay. you're rich!
I'm going on TV. Britney.
You gon' kill this shit.
I can see my plan. what I'm trying to do.
it's gon' work.
I'ma have a full legacy.
it's just gon' be started from rap.
'Cause I took it to this
point in three years.
I plan on living to at least
like sixty. seventy.
That's a long time from now.
Even though I got to this point
where it's damn near you
can ask a question like
"What do you think
your legacy is going to be?"
'cause I done built a legacy
where if I stop right now
I could leave it.
It's already a full one
if I stopped today.
But man. you gotta just
imagine what I'm finna do.
Now that my brain is untrapping.
I'll never be trapped again.
I'm just getting started.